ERROR [main] (RequestProcessors.java:273) - Internal error in initialization
org.intocps.orchestration.coe.AbortSimulationException: 
Failed to load and parse model defintion in: file:/X:/Test_FMUs/FMI_2.0/CoSimulation/win32/MWorks/2016/BooleanNetwork1/BooleanNetwork1.fmu Reason:  Invalid configuration of scalar variables: 
rSFlipFlop.R Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
sampleTriggerReset.y Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
rSFlipFlop.QI Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
rSFlipFlop.nor1.u1 Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
rSFlipFlop.pre.y Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
rSFlipFlop.nor1.y Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
rSFlipFlop.Q Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
rSFlipFlop.nor.u2 Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
sampleTriggerSet.y Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
rSFlipFlop.S Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
rSFlipFlop.nor.y Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
showValue6.showActive Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
showValue5.showActive Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
showValue1.showNumber Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
triggeredAdd.trigger Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
triggeredAdd.u Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
set1.u[2] Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
set1.u[1] Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
showValue4.showActive Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
or2.y Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
showValue3.showActive Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
xor1.y Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
showValue2.showActive Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
or1.y Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
showValue.showActive Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
falling.u Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
booleanPulse1.y Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
integerConstant.y Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
onDelay.y Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
nand1.y Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
and1.y Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real
booleanPulse2.y Error: For a continuous variable the type has to be Real

	at org.intocps.orchestration.coe.scala.CoeInitialize$.loadFmusFromFiles(CoeInitialize.scala:168)
	at org.intocps.orchestration.coe.scala.CoeInitialize$.initialize(CoeInitialize.scala:51)
	at org.intocps.orchestration.coe.scala.Coe.initialize(Coe.scala:104)
	at org.intocps.orchestration.coe.httpserver.RequestProcessors.processInitialize(RequestProcessors.java:264)
	at org.intocps.orchestration.coe.httpserver.RequestHandler.initialize(RequestHandler.java:316)
	at org.intocps.orchestration.coe.httpserver.RequestHandler.handleRequest(RequestHandler.java:175)
	at org.intocps.orchestration.coe.util.SimulationExecutionUtil.callHttpAny(SimulationExecutionUtil.java:133)
	at org.intocps.orchestration.coe.util.SimulationExecutionUtil.run(SimulationExecutionUtil.java:167)
	at org.intocps.orchestration.coe.single.SingleSimMain.main(SingleSimMain.java:283)

